concepts: add release cadence documentation (#1031)
osism/osism.github.io: docs/guides/developer-guide/releases.md

## How we handle releases

We do one major release per year, anchored on the SLURP (`YYYY.1`) OpenStack
release and cut about one month after the matching Kolla release. Minor releases
we do when needed and about every 6 to 8 weeks. See the
[Release Cadence](../../concepts/release-cadence.md) concept for the full
cadence and support lifecycle.

In a minor release, only updates, bug fixes, and security fixes take place. The
OpenStack version is not upgraded in a minor release; it is tied to the major
release. Kubernetes (managed with Gardener) and Ceph (managed with cephadm) are

> an exception — they are not bound to the OSISM major release and can be updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exceptions — they are not bound to the OSISM major release and can be updated
```

Author: done
